If you check the codebase you will understand the context of this project.

The objective is to provide professionals who want to transition to a GRC (Governance, Risk & Compliance) roles in their career.

Even though the focus is more of Technical GRC Analyst, and Information Security Enginner which are roles that lean more on the technical side of GRC, other non-technical professionals will find the Repo highly useful.

For those who are just starting out, and for those who are switching careers, or those who are only scaling up or scaling by the side into the roles, they will all find all they need here.

The repo is  currently split into 5 folders.
1. is to teach and prepare the person on what to know, what to learn and how to prepare for the role.
2. To contains info he needs to do the job effectively.
3. Contain files he will need on his job. I've taken my time and effort to prepare these production-grade documents from my over 10 years of experience as a Staff Software Enginner, IT Project Manager, Product Architect, Technical GRC Analyst, Information Security Enginner, Integration Specilist, and AI Automation and Infrastruction Expert.

The documents can be downloaded, edited to suit the need of the analyst, and used for the needed use cases.

I grouped the files here under the different brands/organisations I've worked with/on so that the reader can see how each file is meant to be for the different industries and projects.

I have edited out personal data from the files and replaced some with info that can be made public. So, no private data of the companies/projects are shared here.

4. Contains some popular tools and platforms used by GRC Analyst and Engineers for the role.

4. Contains my Resume and Cover letter.
I added these for two reasons. Prospective employers who come across this repo can easily know more about me, what I've done, and my skillsets, and thereby employ/hire me.
Second reason is that, those reading the repo can easily see what a typical resume and cover letter for the roles look like. They can copy and updated for their own use case.


_________

Mow create a well detailed Readme content for this project.